Who are you!
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME
\uE000
117!

§7☻
minecraft askew finally added spare ribs to minecraft we've been asking for it for so long finally
Also Known As: BBMBARK!!! MMRRWOOF WOOF WOOF BBRRUFF!! (by dogs)
Also Try: pasgeti :D!!!
The work of Meeeeeeee :3 <333!!!!
Now with    minecraft !
Coming Soon! Stuff: Askew
"I don't like it" - My friend Mark :)!!!
This just in: bbllrrrpppttt mmnrrrrpp
One of a kind! (the kind is unfortunately also just one)
Music by Meeeeee :D!!!!! :333333!
if you ask me to marry you i will say no cuz i dont know you
i need $43 dollars RIGHT THIS MINUTE
TURN OFF MIPMAP!!! TURN OFF MIPMAP!!!
Amount of Seasons: WAY UP!! Amount of Frames: ...some
I couldnt beat you in a fight but I COULD beat you in a making-minecraft-askew-off
if you have a friend named ben this is your sign to slap his bald(ing) head
What's wrong with my minecraft??? Does this look worse to anyone else???
this new minecraft update is §oweird
Bad news: §mall text with the words "bad news:" proceeding it will be obfuscated
get trolled idiot this isnt real minecraft
in order for minecraft askew to work properly you need to email it to your manager
WARNING!! Sponsored Splash Text: buy vegetables
§oNOT §rOSHA COMPLIANT!!!
§7☻§c♥§7☺
§7☻§b🗡§rWAR§d🗡§7☺
Something Borrowed, Something New!
Reach out and touch the Askew...
y'uore*
Ich hoffe, Sie sprechen spanisch!!
Gareth Coker's contributions to the minecraft soundtrack deserve more love!!
Inspired by C418!
Inspired by Lena Raine!
Inspired by Kumi Tanioka!
Inspired by Samuel Åberg!
Inspired by Aaron Cherof!
[This splash text will be made available in the Bedrock port]
"The music and graphics are different from vanilla" - Better Homes and Gardens the magazine
This dude makes his splash texts WAY TOO SMALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome to the Askew Soundtrack and Sounds Podcast where we only discuss the Askew Soundtrack and Sounds
I wrote all the code for minecraft askew in Rodeo-Light.ttf
youre allowed to untuck your shirt to play minecraft askew
was the mince raft thing ever real I dont think it was
I added the farlands back in but it only works if you walk there manually
Check the tumblr for updates on the Waxed Slightly Weathered Copper Slab Limited Run Vinyl Figure (20 catchphrases!)
Gaming mode, INITIATE.
Thank you Julian Gough and §2The §3Universe
My friends help me test this so if you're my friend who is testing this hi :D!!
My pal Gabe is rad and singlehandedly made the Music Events for Askew possible, hi Gabe :D!!
Cassie helped co-write a bunch of the best Askew songs!! Send her 18 dollars!!!!
Thank you Cassie for the poem, it's about stuff !!
My friend Yoooolia did the sounds for the cows so now we call them moooolias :)!!!
The BEST kind of SpyWare!
This splash text shouts out YOUR favorite streamer!! thats right!! your FAVORITE one!!!
MAJOR Advocate for turning off OpenGL Errors in Options
Optifine !!! I like it !!    !
These lightmaps were really hard and if you don't like them what the hell
Ground now hittable!
Left click on a golem to boost their villagers' trades !
Save-a-lot brand Minecraft
"BuildSurvivalCraft: build your crafts" has got NOTHING ON ME
Sixfootblue made the villager models possible! Go check out Haven [16x]!
StefanJ2 has a sick pack called BetterVanillaBuilding! Go check it out!
Take the chicken out of the freezer, man
There is NOTHING strange about this splash text, DO NOT INVESTIGATE
I cried when stampy told me the spaceship wasn't real what the hell stampy
*unholsters my teacup* *spins it around my pinkie* *reholsters my teacup*
This splash text has a ONE in ONE TRILLION chance of being yellow!!!
§bThis splash text has a ONE in ONE TRILLION chance of being red!!!
§c(4/5) §eof the secret code splashes!! This code: "§cJack of Spades§e"
Over <exactNumber.items> items!
Join the Discord! §n§9https://outlook.office365.com/mail/inbox
Have you heard? Minecraft: Askew is the first pack to add controller support! I hope not, its not true!
This was just the practice askew it doesn't count, next one's the REAL one
Askew was made by local politicians trying to guage what "the kids" like
I replaced the "Modded" text at the lower left with "Askew"! I don't think I'm allowed to do that!
First time for the second time!
Minecraft like you've ever played before!
Numbs us to the present and blinds us to the future!
You can watch the past! But you can't touch it!
A road in the past can only lead to dead ends!
YOUR PASSWORD IS eVyfk657$iTt !!!!!!
SOMETHING IS WRONG
Well, it's not vanilla exactly, maybe cookies and cream? or strawberry! I like strawberry :)
/əˈskyoo/ §oadjective, §rwrong; awry.
click.ogg is Just Around The Corner!
Check out the full album!! PLEASE!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!! OH MY GOD !!!!
The first Resource Pack with a COMPLETE Original Soundtrack!! (I can brag a little :]!)
This sounds NOTHING like C418!! >:(!!!! (i did my best be nice! :[!!)
Like that strangely moist hotel you only spend one night in!
rename your shovel to "ricin cigarette"!!! (dont)
PLAYERNAME was slain by PLAYERNAME using §b[Funny Thing to be Killed By]
Those §owere §rthe days. But these are new ones :)
Will you turn the page, close the book, or start a new book :)?
Would you look at that! This splash text is now one of your permanent memories! fascinating!
If you punched a tree it would hurt a lot haha!!!!!!! stay quiet forever
Put your hand to your monitor...that stingly...the zzzipss...that's askew,,,,,....
Call Mom on Mother's Day! Call Dad on Father's day! Call me! NOW!! 858-924-0180
This site uses cookies for yum tasty mmmm
Askew cannot make you better at the game, sorry :(
Only a Spoonful !!
A good influence! (for fish and other sea animals)
Tailgating gets you places faster!!! its true!!!
Honk if you love motion sickness!!
SLAM ON THE BRAKES
Life is like headlights, you only need one! (sounds of car crash)
Drive FASTER if you're tired, you'll get home sooner!!
In a pinch? Play Askew while driving!
The mirrors show you everything you need to see!
On Spotify, iTunes, and You can also just hum it!!!
The Troubled History of: glass3.ogg
Woaah!! I'm injured !
It's all an illusion! Even what really happened!!
It's somebody's lucky day!
Hehehe! They'll NEVER see this invisible splash text!! Mwahahahaha!!
You can trust me! We don't know eachother!
I think mining at night would be fine i think
wh- uhh where are the skeletons from??
§dTry naming your dog "Gloober" ;)!
§dLost to time, idea in shreads, rename your tools and be covered in red!
§dTHE STORM IS REAL
§dFellows swap them for various goods, rename your tools for chartreuse knighthoods!
§dWanted new tiers; met with a rod, rename your tools and rust like facades!
§dIf you hate the purple, think its too dramatic, return to form with the prefix Classic!
§dOut of left field, from different games too! rename your tools with the element 22!
§dWant better gold? Well lucky you! Rename your tools for a pink hue!
§dToo luxery for me, it's just a rental! Rename for a blonde AND expensive metal!
§dColored like snow but found in the heat, Rename your tools to FINALLY feel complete!
§dSharp indeed! but not sharp enough, rename your semi-shield with the prefix "Buffed"
§dBreak the silence for a special party!
§dHang out in a mossy cavern!
§dHang out in a bonely valley!
§dPersonalize your Shields!
§dTry out subtitles!
§dRename your shield for a sharper edge! It may remind you of days before them!